Extension of documentation (#531)
awslabs/syne-tune: docs/source/tutorials/developer/random_search.rst

generator and provides methods to serialize and de-serialize its state.

:class:`~syne_tune.optimizer.schedulers.searchers.SearcherWithRandomSeedAndFilterDuplicates`
extends ``SearcherWithRandomSeed``. It supports a number of features which are
desirable for most searchers:

* Seed management for random decisions.

> * Avoid to suggest the same configuration more than once. While we in general

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Avoid suggesting the same configuration more than once. While we in general
```
